What? Who is he burning?
This is metal
Okay, Xuechen, I’m leaving
you have to be careful
What's wrong with him? Who?
People are like kings and gods
Come and talk to me
What did he tell you?
Just chat a few words and become a student
Your courage now
It's quite big
What can be done?
I've pissed him off
What should I do if I take it away? You know
Why can you always go to them?
What are you doing?
This door opens a box
in square numbers
Foot Yin Yang Gate
Where can it be melted?
People from the second year of Yin Yang came in
That's why?
The reason why he can find you
That's right
It's open for business
Come on, why are you kidding me?
Apart from this, tell the truth
I'm afraid of everyone
Since you are afraid
why don't you listen to me
Wait until I'm ready
We are all angry
Guan Cai and the corpse of a woman who came back to sell
How can we harm people if we deal with him?
Actually, I've always been curious
What grudge do you have with him?
Let's drive up
More curious than me, the victim
This has nothing to do with you
as long as you know
As long as I won't harm you
But you didn't say
I generally believe you so much
You told me to be careful
Also with Wang Shencai
They told me to be careful
And the Holy Successor they gave
You can’t rely on much from what you give me.
Just screen I'm still alive
What's the meaning